# Save 60% on Wartales on Steam

**Source:** https://store.steampowered.com/app/1527950/Wartales/

All Games > RPG Games > Shiro Games Franchise > Wartales Community Hub Wartales Wartales Developer Shiro Games Publisher Shiro Games Released 12 Apr, 2023 Wartales is an open world RPG in which you lead a group of mercenaries in their search for wealth across a massive medieval universe. Explore the world, recruit companions, collect bounties and unravel the secrets of the tombs of the ancients! Recent Reviews: Very Positive (346) - 80% of the 346 user reviews in the last 30 days are positive. English Reviews: Very Positive (11,992) - 87% of the 11,992 user reviews for this game are positive. Release Date: 12 Apr, 2023 Developer: Shiro Games Publisher: Shiro Games Tags Popular user-defined tags for this product: RPG Open World Turn-Based Strategy Party-Based RPG Medieval Co-op Adventure Turn-Based Combat Strategy Tactical RPG Multiplayer Singleplayer Exploration Sandbox Survival Turn-Based Online Co-Op Story Rich Violent Indie + Reviews All Reviews: English Reviews: Very Positive (87% of 11,992) Recent Reviews: Recent: Very Positive (80% of 346) 0:15 / 1:04 Sign in to add this item to your wishlist, follow it, or mark it as ignored Links & info READ MORE Features Single-player Online Co-op Steam Achievements Steam Cloud Family Sharing Full Controller Support Xbox Controllers Languages : Interface Full Audio Subtitles English ✔ ✔ ✔ French ✔ ✔ German ✔ ✔ Spanish - Spain ✔ ✔ Polish ✔ ✔ Portuguese - Brazil ✔ ✔ Russian ✔ ✔ Simplified Chinese ✔ ✔ Korean ✔ ✔ See all 9 supported languages Includes 212 Steam Achievements View all 212 Title: Wartales Genre: Adventure , Indie , RPG , Strategy Developer: Shiro Games Publisher: Shiro Games Franchise: Wartales Release Date: 12 Apr, 2023 Early Access Release Date: 1 Dec, 2021 Visit the website X Discord Reddit YouTube Twitch Bluesky Facebook View update history Read related news View discussions Find Community Groups Embed Awards 🔎 READ MORE Check out the entire Shiro Games collection on Steam Buy Wartales SPECIAL PROMOTION! Offer ends 28 September -60% CHF 34.50 CHF 13.80 Add to Cart Buy Wartales: Starter Edition Includes 3 items: Wartales , Wartales - Expansion: The Skelmar Invasion , Wartales - Contract: The Tavern Opens! Bundle info -10% -41% CHF 62.09 CHF 36.59 Add to Cart Add to Account Buy Wartales: The Mercenaries Edition BUNDLE (?) Buy this bundle to save 10% off all 7 items! Bundle info -10% -32% CHF 111.12 CHF 75.30 Add to Cart Add to Account Content For This Game Browse all (7) Wartales - Contract: The Fief -10% CHF 14.50 CHF 13.05 Wartales - Contract: The Beast Hunt -10% CHF 14.50 CHF 13.05 Wartales - Expansion: The Skelmar Invasion -20% CHF 19.99 CHF 15.99 Wartales - Music: The Official Soundtrack -25% CHF 5.49 CHF 4.11 Wartales - Contract: The Pits -25% CHF 14.50 CHF 10.87 Wartales - Contract: The Tavern Opens! -25% CHF 14.50 CHF 10.87 Wartales - Expansion: Pirates of Belerion -25% CHF 19.99 CHF 14.99 CHF 82.93 Add all DLC to Cart See All showing 1 - 5 of 7 Recent Events & Announcements View All DLC Release Establish and expand your fief at Old Mount Altis FortressManage your fief from your camp, including rest-based production, objectives, and growthConstruct districts and buildings... Contract: The Fief - Out Now! Thu, September 25, 2025 News Since the early days of Wartales’ Early Access, one request has consistently stood out from the community: owning and managing a fief.With our upcoming DLC, Contract: The Fief,... The Fief - Feature Overview & New Screenshots Wed, September 17, 2025 See all updates (Latest: Aug 6) 2025 UPDATED ROADMAP ⬇ 🔎 READ MORE About This Game A century has passed since the fall of the Edoran Empire at the hands of an unprecedented plague that swept the nation. Now, the land is rife with mercenary work, banditry and thievery, with honor having become an almost entirely forgotten virtue. Now, prepare to lead a group of unscrupulous characters in a massive open world where combat, death and a thirst for riches will dictate your day to day life. You are not the hero of this story, destined to usher in a new era of peace. Your goal is solely to survive and thrive in this harsh and hostile world, by any means necessary… Only the bravest and most ambitious can hope to see their story written in the Wartales! Lead a group of mercenaries on a dangerous quest for riches and recognition in a medieval world ravaged by destitution and greed, recruiting new companions with numerous unique specializations, skill sets, weapon preferences and personalities. Customize your group's skills, equipment, and appearance with an intuitive RPG progression and crafting system, while developing your camp with luxuries, tools, and equipment to help your team endure and recover from the hardships each day brings. Journey through a vast, open world in your quest for notoriety, wealth, and recognition, immersing yourself in lively villages and remnants of a bygone era. Explore abandoned mines, tombs, and camps as you piece together the history of this harsh world. Collect bounties and take on contracts. From protecting the innocent from petty thieves to defeating the land's most notorious figures, there's no such thing as a profit too small to take. Overcome your foes with a tactical turn-based combat system that rewards careful planning and strategic thinking, selecting the best combination of characters, equipment, and tactics to succeed in each unique battle. Traverse the vast open world of Wartales as a band of up to 4 players, planning tactics and devising a strategy before confronting some of the many hostile inhabitants that roam these mysterious lands and defeating them as a team. Share money, loot, resources, and end the day with a delicious meal around a roaring campfire with your loyal companions, building camaraderie and forging unbreakable bonds that will help you overcome any obstacle. READ MORE Mature Content Description The developers describe the content like this: Realistic Violence (blood splatter) READ MORE System Requirements Minimum: Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system OS *: Windows 7 64bit Processor: Intel Core i5 2.5 GHz / AMD Ryzen 5 Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVidia GTX 1050 / AMD RX550 DirectX: Version 10 Storage: 30 GB available space Recommended: Requires a 64-bit processor and operating system OS: Windows 10 64bit Processor: Intel Core i7 2.8 GHz / AMD Ryzen 7 Memory: 16 GB RAM Graphics: NVidia GTX 1080 / AMD RX 5600 DirectX: Version 10 Storage: 30 GB available space * Starting January 1st, 2024, the Steam Client will only support Windows 10 and later versions. READ MORE ©2021 Shiro Games. All rights reserved. The Wartales name and logo are trademarks of Shiro Games and may be registered trademarks in certain countries. All rights reserved. READ MORE More from Shiro Games Follow See All More like this See All View all What Curators Say 221 Curators have reviewed this product. Click here to see them. Customer reviews for Wartales About user reviews Your preferences Total reviews in all languages: 28,079 ( Very Positive ) Reviews in English: 11,992 ( Very Positive ) See language breakdown English Reviews: Very Positive (11,992 reviews) Recent Reviews: Very Positive (346 reviews) Jan 2022 Jul 2022 Jan 2023 Jul 2023 Jan 2024 Jul 2024 Jan 2025 Jul 2025 0 1000 2000 3000 Sep 01 Sep 08 Sep 16 Sep 23 0 10 20 30 Review Type All (30,914) Positive (27,510) Negative (3,404) Purchase Type All (30,914) Steam Purchasers (28,079) Other (2,835) Language Languages with enough reviews to generate a language-specific review score have been split out below for ease of filtering. All Languages (30,914) Your Languages (12,921) Customize English Very Positive (11,992) Simplified Chinese Very Positive (3,494) Russian Very Positive (2,805) German Very Positive (1,806) French Very Positive (1,728) Korean Very Positive (1,653) Spanish - Spain Overwhelmingly Positive (1,019) Polish Very Positive (840) Portuguese - Brazil Very Positive (676) Turkish Very Positive (518) Traditional Chinese Very Positive (304) Ukrainian Very Positive (240) Date Range To view reviews within a date range, please click and drag a selection on a graph above or click on a specific bar. Show graph Lifetime Only Specific Range (Select on graph above) Exclude Specific Range (Select on graph above) Playtime Filter reviews by the user's playtime when the review was written: No Minimum Over 1 hour Over 10 hours Over 100 hours No minimum to No maximum Played across all devices Played mostly on Steam Deck Display Show reviews in selected display order Summary Most Helpful Recent Funny Use new helpfulness system. Only applies to Summary and Most Helpful views. Learn More Off-topic Review Activity When enabled, off-topic review activity will be filtered out.  This defaults to your Review Score Setting. Read more about it in the blog post . Enabled Show graph Hide graph Filters Filters Your Languages Excluding Off-topic Review Activity Playtime: Played Mostly on Steam Deck Showing 12,921 reviews that match the filters above ( Very Positive ) All Reviews: English Reviews: Very Positive (87% of 11,992) Recent Reviews: Recent: Very Positive (80% of 346) Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Loading reviews... Most Helpful Reviews In the past 30 days Bobby 24 reviews Recommended 60.8 hrs on record Posted: 14 September Direct from Steam I cannot put a negative review, but I'm far from being completely positive either on Wartales. It's a 3D clone of Battle Brothers, without the replayability of BB as it's a predefined map. The fights quickly become too easy, and the game quickly becomes repetitive. It doesn't bring me to the same "zone" that BB did, I cannot put a finger on why. If you don't like the low graphics of Battle Brothers, don't want to be infuriated after roll dices, but still want this vibe of guiding your own Mercenary band, prefer Wartales over Battle Brothers. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 60 people found this review helpful Dupes9999 42 reviews Not Recommended 26 hrs on record Posted: 30 August Direct from Steam I gave this a bit of a go, but ultimately had to drop it after getting to the second region. While the combat section is decent, and the knowledge and skill trees are good, it suffers from bugs, crashes and frequent stutters. The final straw was a bug after camp where one of the companions wanted to talk - but then the dialog didn't appear. Because the game was waiting for input, I couldn't progress - and this was right after a battle that took about 30 minutes to complete. The setting was pretty cool, but the story and dialog itself was more than a bit meh. There was ultimately not enough there to keep me going through the bugs. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 42 people found this review helpful 2 1 person found this review funny -=MAY=- 5 reviews Recommended 288.2 hrs on record												(237.6 hrs at review time) Posted: 27 August Direct from Steam “A grounded, tactical RPG worth your time” If you enjoy games like Battle Brothers or Jagged Alliance, Wartales will feel right at home. It combines open-world exploration with tough, gridless tactical combat and the constant challenge of keeping your mercenary band fed, paid, and alive. What makes it shine is the freedom: no fixed main quest, just a gritty medieval world where you take contracts, explore, and carve out your own story. Every choice—how you build your squad, which professions you train, when you risk a fight—shapes your journey. With regular updates and expansions, the game keeps evolving and never feels stale. If you like deep tactical battles, survival management, and roleplaying your own mercenary company, this is absolutely worth playing. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 17 people found this review helpful 1 person found this review funny CryMore 582 products in account 146 reviews Recommended 34.7 hrs on record Posted: 1 September Direct from Steam A decent sandbox tactics game for a couple of evenings, but sadly it turns repetitive and boring after that. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 11 people found this review helpful 1 A Stale Crayon 550 products in account 5 reviews Recommended 21.7 hrs on record												(9.4 hrs at review time) Posted: 22 September Direct from Steam The game is brutal and does good at what it intends to do. However it is a example of DLC's gimping games. The DLC's are expensive and it kind of makes me feel iffy about the experience. If you plan on getting it, get everything on sale because you will likely want the DLC's. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 5 people found this review helpful 1 1 1 1 1 1 3 Drey 608 products in account 91 reviews Recommended 96.2 hrs on record												(88.1 hrs at review time) Posted: 10 September Direct from Steam This game's nitty-gritty aesthetic might not be the best to catch people's attention in the store, but don't overlook this game. This is an incredibly good open-world role-playing game - not in the sense of a game with just a progression tree, like many so-called "RPG"s today. You truly play the role of a band of mercenaries, trying to live to see another day. Pick choices without clear white or black outcomes. Hire mercenaries with their own flaws and strengths. Overcome overwhelming odds with your tactical and strategic prowess. Make sure to keep an eye on having enough provisions and money to sustain your merry band. You decide what parts of the game you want to make hard and which you want to make less grindy. This game isn't the eye candy we used to lately, but if you are a fan of such genre and give it a shot, it might hook you in for a long time. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 6 people found this review helpful bwiederholt 2 reviews Recommended 222.2 hrs on record												(201.7 hrs at review time) Posted: 1 September Direct from Steam Scratches the itch to manage and fight with a party of mercenaries. It's well balanced between maintenance and combat, with plenty of opportunities to focus on both. Not too complicated, but not too simplistic either. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 3 people found this review helpful Jack 631 products in account 271 reviews Recommended 19.3 hrs on record												(12 hrs at review time) Posted: 24 September Steam Key Feels like a proper D&D campaign, or... Medieval XCOM. There's a lot involved with being successful in this game, and for me, it began with capturing wolves. The game does a great job of explaining the various systems and mechanics, as well as allowing you to decide what kind of an adventure you want to go on. The map is... frankly... TOO friggin' big. XD It's a solid game. 8/10 Overworld movement is a little finicky with hills, and stuff, and the 'grind' can get a bit intense sometimes. Otherwise? Perfectly wonderful game. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 3 people found this review helpful Wuss^Timmy 550 products in account 92 reviews Recommended 897.9 hrs on record												(892.3 hrs at review time) Posted: 25 September Direct from Steam Yeah it super grindy. Really really hits that turn based itch when you set up all your little ticks to fire off of one another. I find it delightful. There is a lot of additional content. If you find you have pushed 60 plus hours in it might as well grab that then as well. Reviews are saying the DLC is rediculous, it is.. pick it up in drib drabs, most of the DLC ive added i got during sales for like $9. You dont need any of it to enjoy the game. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 2 people found this review helpful 808STAT3™ 113 products in account 19 reviews Recommended 206.9 hrs on record												(185.3 hrs at review time) Posted: 7 September Direct from Steam Got this on sale for $100 with all current DLC's . Absolutely love this game. I own it for 3 weeks and pumped out 185hrs. The game itself offers heaps of entertainment and maps are nice and big. It gives you that Heroes Might&Magic feel while exploring the maps and it has the turnbased fighting mode that's like a chess game. Missions are kind of repetitive fight&deliver style but it does supply you with the needed income to supply your Mercs. There are two modes to play during exploration standard locked in and adjustable enemies. If you are in the locked in mode the game feels repetitive towards end game chase and certain areas become simple money farming areas. If you want a constant challenge choose adjustable enemies where enemies adjust to your group size and level. In that mode you surely will loose a few Mercs and the game will be harder all the way thru end game leveling as well. I can highly recommend getting the Bundle since I wouldn't want to pay for all those DLC's separately. The game doesn't really offer tutorials and you have to figure out a lot of extras, functions and gameplay on your own but there are a few good guides out there to get you started. I love this game and will keep playing this gem. This game has a lot of potential and I really hope they will re skin the game to other themes. Read More Was this review helpful? Yes No Funny Award 2 people found this review helpful Recently Posted Sulrn 16.4 hrs Posted: 26 September Direct from Steam There's bones of a good game here, but the lack of limitations on the auto-scaling free roam and the constant grind sort of ruins things.  If auto-scaling is turned on the game will easily outpace the player to the point of ridiculousness. You should never face a horde 20+  200+ hp bears with an average party level of 4.5. That's a winnable fight, but it's not fun and is poorly designed scaling. I really want to like this game and enjoy the free roam, but as it stands you're either stuck with region locking or cheesing the game to avoid the grind. Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award Octovus 86.4 hrs Posted: 26 September Direct from Steam Thumbs down is for silly difficulty blip on adaptive mode. Minor non-story spoliers: Brenna's arena is a mandatory step in Vertruse that feels 4 to 10 x as hard (even following a guide) as every other mandatory quest so far, and even than many optional bosses. The combination of mechanics in the arena make it a RNG fest, and the specifics of arena mode are not suited to certain playstyles. (That said, I've beaten every other arena in style; it's the tenacity + health recovery combo + high damage and high HP TWIN bosses here that...anyway). Rest of game reminds me of aspects of Heroes of Might and Magic Series (I'm old!) in a good way. Fun overworld exploration with minimal drama. Some base building (camp or tavern) mechanics. Fun profession trees, and enough diversity of classes (barely) to be intriguing. There are definite stronger and weaker classes, though. The writing is...uh, fine, but the voice actors (?) reading the lines are into it. Worth playing but hate being stuck on a weird grind I don't want to do, and that's made me stop playing. The upward difficulty blip here is too severe for a random mid-game quest. Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award 1 person found this review helpful joewzm 16.8 hrs Posted: 26 September Direct from Steam I'm an avid turn based strategy gamer, and this scratches that itch incredibly well. It has a wonderful depth of mechanics in which you can tweak and grow your little mercenary band. The world is quite enjoyable to adventure around in, while still having fun story based objectives to pull you in certain directions. Highly recommend this game. I will be putting well over a 100 hours in it, and likely will play it many more times in the years to come. Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award coopmoop 175.1 hrs Posted: 26 September Direct from Steam good fun game. Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award Raygun 100.2 hrs Posted: 26 September Direct from Steam I love it Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award Lunar Shadow 310.3 hrs Posted: 25 September Direct from Steam one of the greatest games in history , love the combat and story in my personal top 5 games of all time Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award Vades 53.5 hrs Posted: 25 September Direct from Steam I'm so irked I supported this game in early access.  If I knew this company was going to become a miniature Paradox and release 12 billion overpriced DLC's, I would have never purchased it. Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award 5 people found this review helpful Arknev 116.8 hrs Posted: 25 September Direct from Steam good stuff Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award Br0ke 4 hrs Posted: 25 September Direct from Steam Product refunded This game bricked my friends HDD so he had to buy a new one. After a little research online we found out, that this was due to the bad coding and he isnt the only one who lost some hardware to the game. luckily we could refund the game! Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award 2 people found this review helpful 3 3 people found this review funny nox888 11.1 hrs Posted: 25 September Direct from Steam good game Read More Helpful? Yes No Funny Award 1 person found this review helpful Browse all 30,914 reviews Loading reviews... You can use this widget-maker to generate a bit of HTML that can be embedded in your website to easily allow customers to purchase this game on Steam. Enter up to 375 characters to add a description to your widget: Create widget Copy and paste the HTML below into your website to make the above widget appear